.TH MACRO-GEN 8 "June 2025" "macro-gen 0.1.0" "System Administration Tools"
.SH NAME
macro-gen \- record and replay mouse and keyboard actions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macro-gen
.I command
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B macro-gen
is a tool for recording mouse and keyboard actions and generating scripts to replay them.
It can be used to automate repetitive tasks by recording the actions once and replaying them
as needed.
.PP
The tool has two main modes of operation: recording actions and generating replay scripts.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B record
Record mouse and keyboard actions to a JSON file.
.TP
.B generate
Generate a Python script to replay recorded actions.
.TP
.B list-history
List all recordings saved in the history directory.
.TP
.B list-macros
List all macros saved in the macros directory.
.TP
.B run MACRO_NAME
Run the specified macro from the macros directory.
.TP
.B rm-macro MACRO_NAME
Remove the specified macro from the macros directory.
.TP
.B rm-recording RECORDING_NAME
Remove the specified recording from the history directory.
.SH OPTIONS
No command-line options available.
.SH RECORDING CONTROLS
.TP
.B F9
Start or stop recording.
.TP
.B F8
Pause or resume recording.
.TP
.B ESC
Exit the recorder.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ./macro_gen.conf
Local configuration file (highest priority).
.TP
.I ~/.macro_gen.conf
User-specific configuration file.
.TP
.I /etc/macro-gen/macro_gen.conf
System-wide configuration file (lowest priority).
.SH CONFIGURATION
The configuration file uses the INI format with the following sections:
.PP
.B [recorder]
.RS
.TP
.B mouse_trps = 50
Mouse tracking rate in ticks per second.
.RE
.PP
.B [playback]
.RS
.TP
.B default_trigger_key = f10
Default key for triggering action execution.
.TP
.B default_pause_key = f8
Default key for pausing/resuming playback.
.RE
.PP
.B [paths]
.RS
.TP
.B history_dir = history
Directory for storing recorded actions.
.TP
.B macros_dir = macros
Directory for generated scripts.
.RE
.SH INSTALLATION
.PP
The macro-gen tool can be installed in several ways:
.PP
Using pip:
.PP
.RS
pip install macro-gen
.RE
.PP
From source (user installation):
.PP
.RS
git clone https://github.com/0xTristo/macro-gen.git
.RE
.RS
cd macro-gen
.RE
.RS
pip install --user .
.RE
.PP
From source (system-wide installation, requires root):
.PP
.RS
git clone https://github.com/0xTristo/macro-gen.git
.RE
.RS
cd macro-gen
.RE
.RS
sudo pip install .
.RE
.PP
Using the installation helper:
.PP
.RS
sudo python install.py
.RE
.PP
Or for user-mode installation:
.PP
.RS
python install.py --user
.RE
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Record mouse and keyboard actions:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen record
.RE
.PP
Generate a script from a recorded file:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen generate recording.json
.RE
.PP
List all available recordings:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen list-history
.RE
.PP
List all available macros:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen list-macros
.RE
.PP
Run a specific macro:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen run my_macro
.RE
.PP
Remove a specific macro:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen rm-macro my_macro
.RE
.PP
Remove a specific recording:
.PP
.RS
macro-gen rm-recording my_recording
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Ali Terro <aliterr588@gmail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \co 2025 Ali Terro. License: MIT.
